looking at page 0 of 55
TRAVIS-Traffic Realtime Assistant Via Internet Service
Travis is Traffic & Road safety assistance app, that assists pedestrians, drivers & passengers in realtime.

Class Diagrams for Bitbucket
Making class diagrams is a pain, so we automated it. Let Lucidchart do the hard work.

ParkKing
ParkKing helps foster culture of parking discipline among citizens and manage their bookings & violations online.

Lucidchart OnPrem for Confluence Server
Others are going cloud—we're taking our top web-based add-on to OnPrem with cutting edge functionality in Confluence

Cronforce Time Tracking for Jira
Save valuable developer time and capture time directly from Jira. Now with worklogs and smart projects.

CoTaxi
Changeant nos habitudes de déplacement pour un avenir meilleur / Changing our taxi trip habits for a better future.

Maasto-101
Off-road driver assist BOT thats helps drivers to identify potholes on street, Especially on terrain regions

Breast cancer detection
Basic model to detect breast cancer.

Indra
Indra, your personal assistant is here to help you get around safer and smoother in Indore

Stock price movement
Prediction of the probability of the movement of the stock

Spark App
A Real-Time Chat App

StepShot Image Editor / Annotator for Confluence
Image Editing Made Super Easy

ChedliTaxi
ChedliTaxi is the “snap-cab” application that lets you instantly catch a taxi without having to wave your hand !

KnowFish
What You Need to Know in the Palm of Your Hand

Curie Wireless Sensor Network
Intel Curie based WSN System for Scalable Distributed Control System in Satellites and Launch Vehicles

bl
bl

DocSynk
DocSynk. Your Healthcare. Synchronized.

SoMoClo
Connecting Social, Mobile and Cloud

FiB
Lets stop living a lie

ThermalImagingFlir
A Thermal Imaging app that helps detecting people and animals at Forest meant for forest

Call Serena Button
Call Serena with press of a button

TrafFeed
Your personal traffic assistant helping you hop out the hurdles over the road guided by your own police department.

Hexa Survivor
Hexa Survivor is a minimalistic yet highly addictive game experience allowing you to earn Kin crypto! Simply tap left or right to avoid touching the hexagon border and perform successful escapes!

Cycle Control
Cycle Control allows the user to control the Lifecycle of release or program using stages, milestones and checklists

looking at page 1 of 55
TRAVIS-Traffic Realtime Assistant Via Internet Service
Travis is Traffic & Road safety assistance app, that assists pedestrians, drivers & passengers in realtime.

Class Diagrams for Bitbucket
Making class diagrams is a pain, so we automated it. Let Lucidchart do the hard work.

ParkKing
ParkKing helps foster culture of parking discipline among citizens and manage their bookings & violations online.

Lucidchart OnPrem for Confluence Server
Others are going cloud—we're taking our top web-based add-on to OnPrem with cutting edge functionality in Confluence

Cronforce Time Tracking for Jira
Save valuable developer time and capture time directly from Jira. Now with worklogs and smart projects.

CoTaxi
Changeant nos habitudes de déplacement pour un avenir meilleur / Changing our taxi trip habits for a better future.

Maasto-101
Off-road driver assist BOT thats helps drivers to identify potholes on street, Especially on terrain regions

Breast cancer detection
Basic model to detect breast cancer.

Indra
Indra, your personal assistant is here to help you get around safer and smoother in Indore

Stock price movement
Prediction of the probability of the movement of the stock

Spark App
A Real-Time Chat App

StepShot Image Editor / Annotator for Confluence
Image Editing Made Super Easy

ChedliTaxi
ChedliTaxi is the “snap-cab” application that lets you instantly catch a taxi without having to wave your hand !

KnowFish
What You Need to Know in the Palm of Your Hand

Curie Wireless Sensor Network
Intel Curie based WSN System for Scalable Distributed Control System in Satellites and Launch Vehicles

bl
bl

DocSynk
DocSynk. Your Healthcare. Synchronized.

SoMoClo
Connecting Social, Mobile and Cloud

FiB
Lets stop living a lie

ThermalImagingFlir
A Thermal Imaging app that helps detecting people and animals at Forest meant for forest

Call Serena Button
Call Serena with press of a button

TrafFeed
Your personal traffic assistant helping you hop out the hurdles over the road guided by your own police department.

Hexa Survivor
Hexa Survivor is a minimalistic yet highly addictive game experience allowing you to earn Kin crypto! Simply tap left or right to avoid touching the hexagon border and perform successful escapes!

Cycle Control
Cycle Control allows the user to control the Lifecycle of release or program using stages, milestones and checklists

looking at page 2 of 55
Traffico
Traffico - Educate people by generating voice alert by using Artificial Intelligences if they breaking traffic rules

Email Notifications Digest
Group JIRA email notifications and send them as a digest at a scheduled date/time

Drive Safe – It’s in your Hands!
An All-in-One App that can help you to identify shortest path using Public Transport, nearest Parking and Safety Tips

SQL Reporter for JIRA
Generate reports using SQL queries

Open Mind
A Chrome extension to combat fake news and expose readers to differing political viewpoints.

Make & Get Jobs
This app lets you find jobs around you using location based services.

Network management console panel
It is a web app that runs on any web browser and allows you to handle your Linux based DNS, Web and Mail server.

Konami code
↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → B A ⇧ ↩

4G Traffic Transformer
Hsuehshan Tunnel Traffic Transformer-The Pioneers of 4G Technology and Big Data

Taxi Share
Efficiency taxi sharing based on geoposition, empty seats, riders networking data and artificial intelligence (AI)

Machine learning models
The project contains models that can be added to the UI Path Power Up and can be used to automate processes for apps

HYFY Screen Recorder
Record your screen and voice. Share instantly to JIRA and HipChat.

Imprompt.io
Remote workers often miss out on the “watercooler” conversations that drive important decisions.

IssueTypeChangeReport
Sort a report according to issue type changes in all issues inside project.

IRIS
Comprehensive Indoor tracking, control and monitoring solution

My Indore Traffic App
Making commuters life easy!

ARTIK Smart Water Meter
“Water & Things Connected” ‘Save water, the smart way!’

StepShot for Confluence
Create IT documentation in minutes, not hours!

HeyTaxi
Artificial Intelligence who help you share a taxi ride

Downloading Attachment from Email
This snippet can download the attachments from emails

PredictiveModeling on CartoDB data
predictive algorithm implementation on the datasets.

Metropia: The Rewards of a Faster Hsuehshan Tunnel
Metropia reduces Hsuehshan Tunnel traffic by rewarding drivers for choosing smarter times, routes, and destinations.

Elderly Vibrations
There are a large amount of solutions for elderly and blind people. However, no solutions for elderly blind people. This leads them to face limited effective solutions, hence Elderly Vibrations.

My Office Cellphone
Send and receive Emails with your phone completely offline using a simple phone Call or SMS

looking at page 3 of 55
Native and Scanned PDF Segregation
This snippet identifies whether pdf is native or scanned and moves the file in the respective folder

Jarvis
Your personal fashion assistant

Human 2 Human
A personal assistant to help immigrants grow their network, prepare work documents, and connect with communities while moving to a new country.

PLASMO-D
To develop or build an android application that works with image recognition using Azure Computer vision to classify cells infected with malaria in the lab to bypass the process of manual counting.

Kambling
Play fair Casino games with your crypto tokens. Slots, Blackjack, Roulette

Touch Wizards
Compete with your friends in this intense and addictive Wizard Duel game !

MuseFind Redesign Webpage
MuseFind Redesign

Unofficial Google Analytics
Wondering how your website is doing? Just ask Alexa for the page views !

Memora Health
Memora Health is a platform for automated clinical follow-up and care coaching.

Warp Post
Warp Post is a Twitch Panel that allows viewers to easily alert a streamer when a package is on the way to them.

Proper Park
Never struggle with parking

Life and Interaction Through Technology (LITT)
Get Connected, Get LITT

Lo-Kate
Android based object and voice recognition AI allowing the visually impaired to safely navigate foreign environments

Bear: The Classroom Bot
The next step into the future of smart classroom

Dogfight Elite VR
Multiplayer airplane combat simulator

sober.AI
sober.AI is an artificial intelligence web-app for giving easy, quick & accurate sobriety tests with computer vision

Interactive 360
Viewers Interact With Streamers Using Special Effects Over Interactive Overlays and Panels

Plantify
Smart gardens at their best

NetDoc+
HTML Prototype for a proposed SMS enabled chat-bot and page that caters to queries related to HIV and sexual health.

Hyper
A Platform Where Sellers Find Buyers

Marauder mApp V2
A community-based & crowdmapping application that provides a virtual companion to enhance street safety.

Holla!
Human have short term memory, so we always disappoint by forgetting to text. Holla! takes care of that!

Slapstick
Watch the best, not the rest.

Math on the go
Love using Facebook Messenger? You will love doing your calculations without leaving your lovely Facebook Messenger!

looking at page 4 of 55
060 - iTrash
encouraging recycling with smart image-recognising dustbins

PlainDoc
Providing access to the technical field of medicine with an AI that streamlines the health literacy process.

Lumos
Real time monitoring for Diesel Gensets

abc
abc

YourHealthy.City
A Healthy City is a Smart City

GrocMan - An IoT based grocery management system
IoT based app to enhance human productivity by automating manual steps needed in household grocery management.

emoCam
The face is more honest than the mouth can ever be. emoCam literally provides you with the best insights on how your customers or employees feel about your business.

Vector Calc Sandbox
An immersive VR math education and visualization tool for multivariate calculus.

David
Improving alertness , efficiency and safety , your travel companion in Detroit

SMART WELL MONITORING SYSTEM for Villages
let wells be smart now

Exploratory Testing for JIRA
Simplify exploratory session planning, documentation, and reporting within Atlassian JIRA.

Ride Mexico
Tap in the power of collective community intelligence to determine which transport routes are better.

IoT Fridge Saver
Reduce the consumption of refrigerators by just circulating the air in the rear.

stratejos
A smart bot for managing software teams

Cityscope
There is no better expert than you...

Hootchat
Mobile social media integrated app with push notification and real time interaction with the user' contacts.

PowAgri
Your Dream Farming is Now in Your Power Hand

Maxi lander
A 3D learning and interior decoration VR (Virtual Reality) app

Dekh K Bhiyo
Channel for Indore residents who want to volunteer & streamline road traffic by reporting rule violation, alerts etc.

TrumpScript
Make Python great again

Snapse
Simple, versatile and real time health analytics

CodeCorrect
Code that fixes itself

park.AI
Real time parking lot availability monitoring powered by computer vision and full parking feature suite

DeepAffects
EI Analytics for Human Resources and Project Management

looking at page 5 of 55
ExcelPost
An excel add in to invoke rest API calls from excel itself

Updated Issues Basket
Never miss an issue update on your JIRA Cloud again

U@Work
Manage Emails & Teams through your email window

My Ride - Short and Safe Trips!
Car Sharing with persons of your same university or company!

HeartCare
A real-time heart rate monitoring system

Ripples
Ripples is a system that encourages water conservation by combining device control policy and social reinforcement.

Explore Montreal
A website to help tourists visit Montreal and its beautiful landmarks

HootSuite Extractor
Create HTML reports from your HootSuite search streams

UiPrime SAP Activities Package
SAP script actions into UiPath activities through DLL interface provided by SAP.

AI Powered Hot Car Death Prevention
This setup includes an AI based IOT edge device that can detect and notify people when an infant is left in a hot car.

UPTEAMIST
A simple intranet platform for small and medium businesses

Blood Alcohol Meter
Blood Alcohol Meter uses a simplified Widmark formula to calculate the Blood Alcohol content promoting safe driving.

Obnoxious Scheme to Convince All to Recycle (OSCAR)
Our trash can revolutionizes waste disposal by verbally assaulting ignorant fools who DARE dispose of their waste in the incorrect bin.

REST2DDP
Publish a live updating DDP API for any existing REST API with no coding required

TheFriendZone
Tackling stereotypes in a fun way! Plus, we keep things platonic~

ModSense
The LEGO power strip. We built it smart, modular and connected.

The Night Cafe - An immersive tribute to Vincent van Gogh
What did the world look like through Van Gogh's eyes? Enter into his painting to find out.

Wastewater reuse with Blockchain & ML Models
Our smart contract incentivises reuse with WRCs for quantity AND quality. ML algos are used to detect meter fraud.

Dawn
Discover a new horizon for research.

HoaxSpot
Chrome extension that identifies fake news

Study+
A productive, portable, pragmatic educational platform to interconnect students currently studying for their GCSE's.

Unsafe Area Mapping
We want to help make a world where the power of open data platform results in actions to help individuals feel safe.

Min-Mins
Assemble a team of min-mins to battle enemies and create an unstoppable army!

Red Brick
An app dedicated to facilitate instant donation of blood from the donors to patients through the hospital system.

looking at page 6 of 55
Montreal Coin
Montreal's own cryptocurrency

Kanoah CRM
Kanoah CRM organizes and streamlines your sales process right inside JIRA

Recycle.io
The smart way of managing contaminants in a recycle bin

ThriftFly
Because you deserve to fly more and fly cheaper

VAIS - Visualized Agriculture Information System
A dynamic and responsive web app to extrapolate, crowd source, cross-reference, and visualize agricultural data sets

Wheels
The social network where members offers and demands routes to share their car, taxi services or bicycle plans.

Creating SNOW ticket
Creating Incident / Request in Service Now using Uipath

Book Le - Book De
An interactive app which allows user to lend and borrow books.

TeamDocs
Let your colleagues contribute by inputs and reviews so the document will be completed fast without missing anything.

Glare
In emergency don't blink , start glaring

BUSSI
The van sharing platform for commute. We create crowdsourced routes, to build reliable on-demand transportation.

BANANA viva Yilan
provide better driving experience by an android app

SafeEats.AI
Validate what you eat simply by pointing your camera to the list of ingredients; curated for your allergies or diet

Igloo Car
Taxi rides are convenient but costly. We want to give access to affordable taxi rides anywhere, anytime, to anyone.

Intelligent Recruitment Process
Leverage the power of Appian, Automation Anywhere and AI to automate the Recruitment process which enables companies to automate the process of manually sourcing qualified candidates

ByteCard
Connect with anyone in an instant

Technical Interviewer
Simplifying the recruiting process by automating the screening levels using Alexa VUI.

Plant Floor Visibility
Operational Excellence through Improved Visibility

borne
An apparel-based social enterprise, funding effective solutions to mosquito borne diseases the world over

Travel Agent Connector
A messenger chat bot to collect travel preferences over chat and send them to travel agents for customized packages.

Image Editor
transform, move, crop, resize, text, brush, watermark,

Fuji
Fuji is a fully-functional iOS web IDE that includes a fully-functional simulator.

Kickback
Effortless, fire-and-forget Amazon refunds when prices change

iBite
Share your recipes instantly!

looking at page 7 of 55
Access Granted
Access Granted demystifies interview questions and provides a platform to practice and gain fluency responding.

EDDI - ElectroDialysis Desalinator for Irrigation
Removing the salt effects of drought catastrophes. One ion at a time.

Suretify
IFTTT-like triggers for healthcare information and discharge followup

Molecula for Outlook
Group communications in Outlook made easier

APP+Website台灣雪隧疏流
We build a real time and potential software to help both residents and official to reduce and control car flow.

SafeWatch
Automatic video-feed shooter detection

CCSBusTracker
Ask Alexa if your school bus is on time !!

Mood Buddy
With Mood Buddy, you can listen to calming music from nature, exercise, write journals, and track your mood.

Spell Script
Challenge your spelling and handwriting skills

breveo
A machine learned video summarization algorithm and app

Valencia Lunch UX
Electronic Application Transformation for the National School Lunch Program

FeelsChat
Twitch chat sentiment analysis for streamers

Voedsel
Voedsel is online street food delivery idea with a tag line - Experience your food at your time, at your place, of your taste

SyForms - UiPath Forms Designer
RPA is not only about the Robot but also the User

Terra
Terra is a mobile application for exciting walks. Explore the map, dissipate the fog and discover new interesting places for yourself. Travel in a new way!

Team Secrets
Team Secrets protects sensitive information in JIRA with end-to-end encryption and viewer verification

SMILEY
Bust the Stress!

Mystery of Malfaxus
A Hands Free Mobile VR Fantasy Adventure where exploration and interaction unlock the secrets of an exciting world.

Gab
Help new arivals feel welcomed by residences by asking direct every day questions. Let's close the gap, start to gab.

DelveClassifier
Quickly add Delve tags to your documents you are currently working with. Never leave the flow!

TeamFlowApp
Get key information from your team - continuous information flow with only 20 seconds of playful administration

Chat Translator
Open up your stream to a global audience and break down language barriers with real-time translated chat for viewers!

Penyusuar by  Penyu Ranger
in order to save sea ecosystem, we cant miss a single part of it. #saveTurtle

CARE
Calculated Agriculture Support & Recomendation Engine.

looking at page 8 of 55
Yoogle
The web application that can search text on the content of video files and direct you to the portion of the video

codeForCleanWater
we tried to make it tamper proof

BX - The Scarlet Record
Embark on an emotional adventure through the wastelands as Aoi, an android in a future post-apocalyptic world

Savvy Insights
Steer your Virtual Workforce with Savvy Insights

PicTalk
A Chrome extension that speaks the visual features of an image for blind and visually impaired web users.

Sticky Mail
the relation between your notes and your emails is always complicated, using stickymail your note and mail become one

NeoS: The Universe
Experience the world we live in from tiniest elementary particles to the vast galaxy superclusters.

The Bouncinators
If you're not on the list, you're not coming in...

Boolah
Unassuming tinder for places,intelligent travel itinerary generator, flight fare search simplifier and culture tourism boosting local language translation support

Pray It Forward
Spreading happiness through prayer & community

GazePay
Moving forward to a cashless and cardless society, using face recognition for point of sale transactions

Dataless
Access the internet, without needing the internet.

Social Strata [My Green Space]
Social Strata, the best condominium app.

nofoodwasted
No Food Wasted is a platform to tackle food wastage and feed underprivileged.

MTLMural
A Hint of Urban Romance

Criziz
share a story...report an emergency!

Pocket Med
Automedication

Intelligent Birdhouse
The idea is to use the design of a birdhouse, that inside, install the Arduino 101 & SeeedStudio Grove Shield.

Shiplly
Optimizing shipping supplies by effective communication between the stakeholders

040 - Cloudpaper
A webapp for collaborative document viewing designed for students to study together effectively.

Planning Poker for Trello
A Power-Up you wanted so long and hard

Unagi
HackNC 2016

Project Almuerzo
Simple, friendly, and responsive form to apply for free and reduced price meals.

#331 - Pong2.0
It's like Pong but better

looking at page 9 of 55
MIRЯOR
Witness your future success.

Domates
An app makes donation and recycling of goods easier.

ShooterMax
The user have to hit the plates with the balls.

Growing Gardens Together | Team 11
Swipe right to share or receive produce in your area!

Curamobi
Delivering timely , efficient care and treatment to Parkinson's disorder patients

Trellogram
Power-up Telegram

EQ-WiOpen
Windows made easy!

UrbanFlow
Facilitating the donation and delivery of menstrual cups to Vancouver shelters

beClosing
Businesses need help managing potential clients. The app manages the communication, allowing business to beClosing.

Bazaar
Fly on a magic carpet through the mystical land of Bazaar, collecting exotic curios to aid your exploration.

Sharemail
Sharemail

Sahara
An app for the cook of every household to conveniently keep track of RSVP and plan the recipe for the next meal.

HandyML: Machine learning for non-datascientists
Non-datascientists users can now train machine learning models by simply asking their robot to do it for them

Pneuma - Pedobarographic Mapping for Neuropathy
Just breathe... your feet will be in your control again.

Distributed Estimation
Convenient estimation method for teams across different time zones

Unmute
Opportunity for mute people to use mobile phones most important feature - calling.

Hermes Managed Tire Services - an ioT enabled business
Mileage pricing for Truck Tires supported by ioT. Cents per mile, not $per tire. Increase Fleet productivity.

Lily Pad
Help Willie & Dee save their town! Guide them through the river & collect magical fruit.

Trip Planner
The only skill which allows you to plan trips locally and discover the local delights in a city whenever, wherever.

081 - Hi-Pi: Your Home Lifeguard
Your home security assistant for both elderly and young children when you're at work

I Laugh You
I Laugh You - feel Happy, spread Happiness

KnowUs
Email Analytics on Steroids: Beyond numbers and into personality traits and mood

Fetch
We automate your research

DocAssist
Export UiPath project to a technical document

looking at page 10 of 55
Creativite
Wear your attitude

Polytunes
A online musical collaborative experience built with meteor

Lazzo
Catch the Size

Lecture Buddy
Frictionless realtime audience feedback

docuflow
Read people's minds as they read your documents

PezCaleta
Maneja tu mar (Well Manage your sea)

First Days
A Siri app like which is a guide, spoken in the person's language and is able to translate and scan docs..

Fireflies
We connect people that want food delivered with others already at nearby restaurants using the Alohar Mobile SDK

Voice Job Search
Search for your dream job ... by asking Alexa

Smart Drainage Blockage Detecting System
Clean India Healthy India

ChatOps for Heroku
Take DevOps to the next level with ChatOps for Heroku and manage your applications in chat

Sing Me A Dress
LED dress that turns you into the Disney Princess you are singing!

File Viewer for Bitbucket Cloud
Easily view your 2D and 3D models, geographic data structures, PDF and CSV files directly on Bitbucket pages

Omegabase
Omegabase provides a social platform where students can practice questions and learn from each other.

Innovation
Allows teams to clearly and concisely start, configure and track innovation initiatives in your organisation.

Guardian Angel AI
Artificial intelligence webapp and API to enable monitoring of the elderly with automatic alerts in case of emergency

monopoly-მენეჯერი
სამაგიდო ბიზნეს-თამაში

Tweetimental
Using twitter data to understand mental illness and its cause to empower the Government to help individuals.

Mexico City Taxi
An app that lets Mexico City Users to easily Call on a Taxi, Carpool.&  check Fuel Needed by Leveraging OpenXc Data

Mx-City Carpology
Metrobus Seat Booking,Chating, Reports, Making Friends, Public and Private Carpooling has been easier than ever....

Project Save California
A smart innovative idea on encouraging people to practice kitchen gardening to save water

DRIFT
DRIFT is the first bullet simulator for VR.

Every 5 minutes
An app that leverages Hsuehshan Tunnel and OpenXc Datasets to provide realtime traffic information every 5 minutes

Elite Safety
A model based crash predictor

looking at page 11 of 55
Presenter for Confluence
Present any Confluence page effortlessly and directly in your Browser

Natural Network App
For curly haired girls to communicate and share tips/routines for hair care, to embrace their natural hair

Meteor Icon (icon.meteor.com)
A simple icon for Meteor packages. Done in 58 lines of JS.

AppLetic
AppLetic is a fitness-based social media webapp that allows users to post their individual progress and socialize.

What's Up Gov?
An app that places the politics of the moment in the palm of your hand

Imagine: VR Painting
Imagine allows users to paint in a whole new medium: virtual reality. Users can paint unconstrained with 81 colors.

Logibot
Intelligent chatbot logistic provider that allows you to manage packages to be delivered for your customer

Scan My Cart
Une application web qui offre une expérience d'épicerie augmentée!

Touch
A social networking app that allows users to keep in touch with randomly selected friends

Brand Analysis for product Search
branding done with popularity index

AVGS (Active Vision Guiding System)
Drive with active light guide for best speed and safe distance in tunnel

NaviHome
An app provides alternative route recommendations and speed recommendation in the tunnel.

HomeScan
Intelligent Home Monitor Chat Bot

Cosmos Browser
Browse the internet... without data.

PeriodPeace
Connects women with shelters that have tampons/pads and connects donors with organizations in need.

Outlook task manager
Use Outlook as the place to manage all your SharePoint and Planner tasks

RAMEAR
We can get data out of your computer wirelessly - even if you don't want us to!

Node Local Relationship Indexes
Solution to the supernode problem with indexes on supernodes

iWisps
Fast, Scalable and Portable Local Business Recommender Microservice powered by Apache Spark

Whispir Andriod App
Wishpir App is standalone application to demonstrate the API's. To test their connectivity without any support.

MiFi
MiFi relieves you from the pain of manually entering Wifi Password

TravAlarm
A free app that keeps you on track with travel alerts.

ALM Task for Bamboo
Run HP ALM / Quality Center Test Sets from Bamboo and Integrate results with JIRA

wake
The alarm that actually gets you up

looking at page 12 of 55
Neo4j Jmeter load testing
When working with Neo4, sometimes you need to create custom procedures to handle advanced use cases. This project aims at making it easier to do load testing on them with JMeter.

MLHorrors
ANOTHER Werewolf app... but different!

MemoryEye
Help those with Alzheimer's remember their loved ones.

Agro Companion
App that allows USA Farmers to visualized their idea crops and also allows information exchange via a social network

Convergely
Convergely is a set of everyday tools for teams that make decisions using a communication tool like Hipchat.

SentryAI
Feel safe with SentryAI on the watch.

PedSafety
Every pedestrian's companion

Feux Verts
La ville connectée au service  des pompiers : par le contrôle des lumières

OHAI .
An end to end solution for assisting and improving the lives of homeless individuals.

Snippet for RDP process
The RDP login process is automated

Locate My Restaurant
Demographic dimension applied to Yelp Business data

Hack My Ride Milpitas
Real Time Data from Milpitas area with Beacons and Route

HN - frenly
Building a friendlier web community with sentiment analysis.

JasiRide
Providing you with easy and cost effective ride to your destination. Request ride or Join other riders to pay less.

j-085-cleanify
Manage trashcans on the map to help the people to find nearby trashcans, report filled ones and get rewarded.

FisHarmony
It's not Tinder for Fish.

Hootsuite for JIRA Service Desk
Open Tickets in JIRA Service Desk for Twitter and Facebook messages directly from Hootsuite

ZOI
An AI-powered health assistant that provides recommendations in a more intuitive way than ever before.

ship
A dating app where you can "ship" others, making you the matchmaker. What are you waiting for? Let's set sail!

Fing'R Mote
The power of handwriting to control your devices

Task Tracker
Everything we do is driven by time. Get more out of your time with Task Tracker

Purrpurino
The new way of embracing emotions

Hackathon Simulator
Like GTA, but multiplayer, located in Cambridge Corn Exchange.

Traffic Congestion with  Smarter Signal Lights
Dynamically re-distribute the duration of green-lights at intersections in order to reduce total wait time.

looking at page 13 of 55
Save A Life
Save a Life is an application that teaches you CPR in a modern way, and empowers you to help save someone’s life!

Captain Clark Adventures
Captain Clark Adventures is a Point & Click game where you play a captain who tries to escape from a pirates' island.

Selfiesh
App recognizes the fish from image, informs the non-expert fisher about legality of catching the fish, records data.

Sincerely
Machine learning based Signature Verification

094 - Dabao
Earn some money whenever you're buying your food

meteor-run
Run game with meteor for Meteor 2015 Global distributed Hackathon

UnStoppable
UnStoppable Makes JIRA Accessible for the Visually Impaired.

Water Wizard
The resources for the present are the debt for the future

ColorMe
Being stylish is easy! Use ColorMe to find clothes that suit you the best.

Preventing Distracted Driving with IoT
A complex multi-faceted solution that will reduce the number of accidents and deaths due to distracted driving.

Make Me Kanye
No longer imagine what you'd look like as Kanye - be Kanye today!

Self-Driving Car Simulation (New kids)
By using artifical Neural Networks, we coded from scratch a self driving car and an environment to test it in!

Wing Beatz
Creating a more advanced and specialised Mosquito trap using sound frequencies as attractors, and a self-sustainable power source.

Guardian
The number of firefighter injuries has increased by over 28% in the past 30 years. Our team sought to tackle this issue by creating a novel helmet utilizing IOT to improve firefighter safety.

ReleaseIQ
We turn product release planning into a party for the whole user community.

GPS Aware Road Profiling Using Gyroscope
Be aware while driving, the ups and downs on your roads can cause some serious problems.

Motivator
A Motivator that somehow creates quite the opposite result.

Nagios Jira Integration
Push Nagios Incidents in Jira & Resolve them Faster

alexa mapquest
email generator

DocuSign for Confluence
Create, send, and track e-signature documents in Confluence for your fastest, easiest approvals

Project Dumpster 1.01
Picking up litter...gamified. Integration of game mechanics to encourage large scale trash collection.

Butler for Trello
Automate Trello in plain English.

Thunkfluence
Speedy search for Confluence as a browser extension

Twile
Turn your family tree into a rich, visual timeline of your family history to share and explore with your whole family

looking at page 14 of 55
PROFTY
A chrome extension that targets cyberbullying

Get Excel Data from Citrix
Getting Excel Data from Citrix environment into datatable.

Analytic guided operations assistance
Ops on the go!

Unbottlr
A React webapp used to track water usage, and encourage saving water through helpful tips and a competitive leaderboard.

Finding
Finding is a immersive action-adventure game in a fantacy world.VR Finding, we are finding!

Tactera
A Real-Time Strategy game on a holographic tabletop battlefield.

ma taxi
"MA TAXI" : est une application qui va vous aider à trouver et à réserver un taxi facilement

eBuddy by SalmaTech
Improving the hospital experience for parents and children

PaliPalette
Vector Graphics based Drawing app for Faster and Easier Drawing!

Kwagric
Farming at hand

Travel Ride Bid Bot - TRBB
Bot to bid travel rides from any corner of the city

PhoenixJourney
A simple endless runner representing a big metaphor and wrapped up in a beautiful environment.

CrowdFarming
Growing plants using Facebook messenger bot and community knowledge.

Swordfish Essential
We believe in SME! Join the collections movement.

Voice-over
Improving accessibility by helping people see what they cannot hear.

Let'sCook
Learn, Cook, Share!

Athena
Athena is an app for smartphone and smartwatch. Our main goal is safety, women safety!

Taxi Driver
our application will give the citizen his location so the taxi driver will get it in the app and go to take him

TaxiGO
TaxiGO  is an application inspired from the practices of the Moroccan drivers

patentability
Patentability is a hybrid app for innovators to review their ideas on the go.

My Perfect Weather
A web service for discovery of destinations matching your expected weather conditions (and hints on how to get there)

DogLog - Track your dog's activities
Say goodbye to confusion over your dog's wellbeing.

P-Bot (Pregnancy Chat Bot)
A chat bot that can answer questions related to pregnancy

Team Lunchbox - School Lunch Mobile-Responsive Web App
An approachable, friendly, school lunch application that reduces stress and increases comprehension.

looking at page 15 of 55
Addicaid
Adaptive AI meets Behavioral Economics to prevent, treat, and predict addiction disorders.

Snap Spin Tap
Modified Camera for Visual Thinking & Creative Organization

Modified Dijkstra algorithm for optimal navigation
Modified algorithm to assign most optimal path for better navigation

ProxiChats
An online chat app that aggrerates users based on their proximity.

Ecopet
Like a common virtual pet games, your pets need to be fed to grow up. You can buy food by Ethereum. However, you can still withdraw your money whenever you need.So, let your pet save your money !

Silence
Experience the thrill of escaping life from death

Wayfarer
Not your Parent's Travel Recommendation System

Androids Dream
Androids dream is an overview of a cyberpunk city from a flying car.

PhoneAR
Have you ever wanted to buy a phone from your bed? Our app helps give you a real feel for it and decide what you want

Air Guitar 2 Sound Converter
Ever played air guitar and no sound came out? We got you covered. Uses phone/webcam, supports 4 instruments.

IMVU PhotoReal
Take your avatar into the real world - pose, select Instagram filter and take pictures to post to feed!

If-Found-Lost
No need to write your contact information on the things that can be lost or misplaced again.

TECHNOLUST: THOUGHT CRIMES
You are Big Brother's eyes and ears. Prevent the crime before it's committed... or pay the consequences.

OnTransit
Crowdsourced real-time transit information.

GoforCar
An eCar & bus only carpool lane in Hsuehshan tunnel

PJ - CommitCoin
A platform for rewarding open source contributors through the blockchain.

Hey Purple
Smart voice assistant for women safety

WatchTower - One board for multiple JIRAs
Consolidate issues from remote Cloud and Server JIRAs into one agile board.

River Game
Quiz based on questions on rivers in US

Scrum Poker for JIRA
A JIRA Integrated Mobile Application for Interactive Agile Estimation and Planning

Build Meister
Trigger & get the status of your builds with your voice, without having to log into a computer!

My.SnapGlass.es
Share your SnapGlass.es snapshots to help promote better eyesight through eyeglasses!

OrchestrAI
An improvisational AI that unleashes the creative power of an entire orchestra to music producers and artists

Raw Manga Translator (3A)
Sick of waiting for manga with translated text to come out?Well, you've come to a right place!

looking at page 16 of 55
The Meteor Train
A toy train, controlled by a Raspberry Pi, running Meteor for the UI.

SSH over SMS
A way to run a bash shell through text messages

TeXscribe
With TeXscribe, writing math in LaTeX is as easy as writing it by hand.

AlexaPlays
A procedurally-generated role-playing adventure game controlled with the voice.

Google reCAPTCHA 'Breaker' - Powered by Clarifai
Breaking Google's reCAPTCHA using Clarifai

water reuse system using AI
save water save life

AI-909
Intelligent drum machine that generates new beats, powered by the HTM

SoundScribe
Taking notes has never been easier!

Meteor Wars
Turn Based Strategy Game built in 24 hours

Aquareness
Aquareness is a new way to increase water awareness and monitor water consumption.

Crowd sourced corpus generation
A trust able crowd-sourced corpus generator

Millennial Money Madness
Making millennials smart, savvy, and safe with their finances!

Slope Ninja
Find snow reports, chain control and road conditions for ski areas in Tahoe.

LunchLine
Giving students the discounts they deserve.

Outpour – Go Find the Beauty in People, and Tell Them
Outpour lets you easily and meaningfully express appreciation for the special people in your life :)

Limbr Reports for JIRA Cloud
Slice and dice your data with powerful custom reports, directly within JIRA - no spreadsheets required

Project LunchBox
Lunchbox — easy, intuitive, and adaptable. How the next generation of kids will apply to the school meal program.

Projet web
Projet web

Tandem Medical
Tandem is a software startup that will revolutionize hospital communications, with an initial focus on the ER.

Recycleme
We want you to be part in the waste recovery process

conf.io
conf.io is a platform for the developers community that helps organizers to pick best talks in a CFP

iot_correlations
Finding curious correlations between IoT sensors and different open data

Ayo Banyuwangi
Geographic Information System for Tourist in Banyuwangi based on Website Application

VirtualScrumMaster
Virtual Scrum Master is your project companion to make sure that your work is well managed and well organized.

looking at page 17 of 55
Faceboxx
Hacking Facebook to Provide Free Unlimited Cloud Storage

BrainBud
Every year, millions of people suffer from undiagnosed concussions. BrainBud offers a quick and easy head injury detection test using computer vision and NLP.

AxiomZen - Mastermind by KrevTeam (Challenges 1 and 2)
Have fun with the multiplayer functionality!

Mission Mars 2
An action packed game with giant space penguins! This exhilarating game will get your blood boiling!

YearBook
Take photos every day and share them on a calendar with your groups

Alexa JARVIS
A modular voice controlled helmet attachment.

PurchaseMate
Save time. Save money. Save the world.

TourUs
We crowdsource tourguides!

Spoofify
Congratulations, you played yourself!

Record
Featuring Knurld

HootChat
Project developed for the Vanhackton 2016

Overboard
An overview of the things you want to keep track of.

Popular Online Indigenous Crafts
making the indigenous culture popular and helping the charities and NGO that will enhance there language popularity.

PyEmbeo
graph embeddings for neo4j in python.

faceband
Play the band with your friends using facial instruments

Pick at School
Reduce traffic, saves time and contaminates less. Quick hand-over of kids to their parents at the end of school day

TraceIT
A seafood traceability solution from the sea to your plate

NurseNet
A mapping algorithm utilizing machine learning to optimize nurse home visits through clusters of similar patients.

SpiceworksHelpDeskSurvey
quick survey for better Response

Customer reports for JIRA Service Desk.
Easy custom reports for JIRA Service Desk customers.

Scorched Battalion
Tiny tanks decimate the landscape of a wargaming table in a turn-based artillery game from the founder of Sven Co-op.

მტრედი
პირველი ქართული საკომუნიკაციო აპლიკაცია.

AJ - The Chosen One - Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning
"The Chosen One" trained with Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning and Generative Progressive Autocurricula

May Contain Seeds
Gumball vending machines distributed inside the Callaghan campus that will encourage user participation to dispense small-seed-ball bombs made up of mosquito repellant plant seeds and natural compost

looking at page 18 of 55
food4students
Website that helps families apply for free/discounted school lunch program

099 - SuperSianGoWhere
Bored? No idea where to go? We got you covered

the S.T.A.T.U.S. Train Network
A Maglev System Devoted to Energy Recycling, S.T.A.T.U.S. offers a practical and ecological solution to daily travel.

SmartLyfe
A Data-Driven HealthTech Recommender System for Smart Cities. Stay fit, healthy and safe with SmartLyfe.

LifeLong Playlist
A personal music playlist that will last forever.

Context.IO for Drupal & Maildispenser.com
Build email apps in record time without coding

iGofer
iGofer is an Uber for local services, so it can be seen as a refined thumbstack and an open marketplace for services

Transeaze
theft prevention

asdfghjkl
Keyboard as Trackpad. It's exactly what you'd expect. asdfghjkl.

sizeOf
Precision real world measurements using just a mobile phone camera

Peepa
360 live streaming VR app

XLTools Suite for Excel
Indispensable Excel apps you need daily – in a single tab.

Automation for JIRA
The simple way to automate your team!

Smart FlashCards
Flashcards that do the organizing for you and that will intelligently decide when next you need to review something

AgriWave: Transforming the Agricultural and Data World
Making waves in the agricultural industry one data set at a time

V-Control
V-Control allows the player to talk and issue commands to game caracters using natural language

changemymind.io
Enter a topic and get matched with random people for a debate. As the convo progresses more peoeple will be thrown in

Empathy Match
Empathy Match is a platform that helps you to find someone who understands you.

neomap
A Neo4j Desktop application to visualize nodes with geographic attributes on a map.

DevScout
A social network for developers.

Karigar App and Kiosk(کاریگر)
A helpful app for Handymen, society and government

Nimbus
Une flotte d'autobus intelligents à la demande.

Muvall
A melhor maneira de alcançar o seu destino.

HackRice2016-Menuer-Swift
With Menuer, you will never be lost in exotic restaurants (or other places) anymore.

looking at page 19 of 55
Found
Machine Learning based People Finding

DoubleCheck
Double check, because reverting email is expensive

Dragon Story !
Great interactive story with pen characters coming to life !

Snö By GingerPonyPatlettes
Make New Employees Integration Easy

M-059-Hajj_EVAC
Android app using maps to help pilgrims finding safty places.

QReceipt
For Anonymous, Paperless Receipts

Mother's Tongue
Building The Bridge Between Languages @ Naijahacks2018 Hackathon Team UnifyConcept  #TeamUnifyconcept #NaijaHacks2018

Ultradrone
Taking Drone Related Services To New Heights!

regulator dashboard
Implementing WRC through blockchain and smart contracts and preventing tampering of data with the use of ML and AI

Path
Better jobs for changing world: an app that guides you to a job in your new home

Taxicabs Mobility Challenge
Taking a cab in Morocco just got faster, cheaper, and safer

CubeBot
Size and Speed Optimized Rubik's Cube Solving Robot

SPD - SharePoint Do
Can your BLACKBOARD listen to you? Storing and Managing data should be as easy as writing on a blackboard.

Internet of Thingies (IoThingies)
Plug and Play your IoT project into a rich web UI in a flexible and easy way

ThermaMatch
Innovating how medical professionals track patient nerve and muscle injuries

SteamCrew VR
Collaborate to steer and maintain your steam submarine! Sink horrid monsters in an abyssal quest for magic Gems!

CyberCow
Helps you think before you type!

Live Web Chat for Microsoft Teams
Live customer support chat control for your web sites, that uses Microsoft Teams as the backend admin interface

ShortStock
ShortStock uses ML neural networks to filter and customise news releases about companies to varied investing styles

Pallette
A tongue-controlled wireless device empowering interaction with the world around you

Skrillex
Complete Platform for C-Level Discussions

BiCity Social Cyclist Map & Alerts
BiCity is a social cyclist map for get points of interest, add reminders and send alerts to other cyclist!

Medinfi
Pure-play healthcare content platform for taking right decisions

FriendFugees
Facilitating human connections in order to tackle social isolation and mental health problems

looking at page 20 of 55
Graybot
NaijaHacks

Tampering Water
A model based tampering detection

Road Safety
We want you to be safe!

Helpies - volunteering platform
Bridging online Facebook community with the offline possibility to volunteer

planet.AR.y
An immersive augmented reality experience paired with Alexa to engage and teach kids about our solar system!

Planet Ally: Travel Agents of Change
Informing and empowering LGBTIQ and allies about the travel choices they make.

008 - Skinalytics
Identifying skin diseases with deep learning

Sustainable Badger
Want to become a sustainable BADGER? Explore different ways on campus!

ADWEAR
Ads for the terminal

UiPath PDF to Excel Extractor
UiPath PDF to Excel Extractor

farm
Naija hackathon

Positivity Pack
A small pack of happiness to brighten anyone’s day

Free Feet
Improving mobility, one step at a time.

MONA
Capture the essence of fine-art masterpieces and apply to your own photos

Brain Squared
Classify your brainwave patterns with the HTM.

Great Lakes Savior
we use IOT technology to help Fisheries and Oceans Canada solve Asian carps spawning problems in the Great Lake

027 - iTrack
To finding our beloved devices back, cheers

Mobility Map
Realtime Social Integration for Transportation Enthusiasts

Quizzes for Confluence
Create quizzes, assessments and tests in Confluence and share them with anyone by email

MRI Scan VR with AWS Sumerian
Virtual reality application for treatment of claustrophobia

ECOTECH
An app to change the world

LineOne
We take the hassle out of conference calling.

RoboCop
Emergency Automated Silent Caller

iFramed
A simple and affordable iFrame macro for Confluence.

looking at page 21 of 55
Smartify
App Store and IDE for SMS-based Applications. Immediately deployable on the MS Azure cloud. Snapchat, Uber and more!

Magik Pill
A series of unfortunate events. Soy milk edition.

Office 365 Groups SPFx
Groups component was created to connect Office Groups and SharePoint in order to get the best out of each program.

best ethereum wallet ever
a secure local Ethereum wallet with hardware wallet support in Brave

The Land Below (Google Cardboard)
A Fantasy Adventure Game for Mobile VR

Interactions
A real-time Interactive Ecosystem for HealthCare, Businesses & Educational System.

Voice Assistant for Microsoft Identity Manager
Voice Assistant for Microsoft Identity Manager that empowers IT Support staff to query MIM for IT Service requests

LightSwipe
Swipe with a thinner wallet, and peace of mind.

Muerteor
Muerteor is a Deadman's Switch. It sends a message for you if you don't check in for a certain period of time.

TinCam
A minty, cheap, discreet, cloud-connceted camera that aims to end police brutality and the dangers of walking alone.

Integrated Symbiotics - Tadpole AMAS
Automation and Monitoring System for Aquatic Agriculture (Aquaponics, Hydroponics, Aquaculture)

Project Switcher for JIRA
Fast and configurable way of navigating across all your JIRA projects

EDI Connector
Easily integrate EDI invoices into a RPA Accounts Payable (AP) process increasing process accuracy and scalability.

:emoji: and @mention support on Devpost
I just need :frog: to work!

Elision - Dịch vụ sức khoẻ tâm lí
We want to build an ecosystem for parents and psycho doctors. It is a place where parents can get advices from doctors about your child's problems

DeFiZap
Allocate your assets across multiple DeFi protocols in one transaction. Save time. Save gas.

Comawake
Solve the mystery of your own mind to wake up from the coma!

Komdo
A smart webpage for minimizing electricity costs and carbon footprint

WearShare
Share files from your smartwatch!

Smart Crops
Find the ideal crop based on irrigation cost and yield value by comparing and visualizing crop data and trends.

Polo
Polo is an asymmetrical game of cat and mouse developed for the GearVR.

Polldentify
An app that uses data modeling and machine learning to tell you where the pollution in a city comes from in 15 years

Real Time Lead Detector for Water Supply
Inspired by the Flint Michigan Water Crisis, a cheap and continuous Arduino lead detector that can be accessed online

Course Land
...library at your finger tips

looking at page 22 of 55
Humanoid
This app automatically calls for help when some one had any accident

Indore Traffic Friend
Indore Traffic Friend Your Buddy Your Assistant

Bad Flamingo
Fool your computer, but not your friends! Generating adversarial "Quick, Draw" examples

youme.world
The future of experience planning. Earn money traveling and plan your trips with friends.

Saviour
A Real-time Geo-Tracking, PhoneCall and SMS Based Rescuing System for People in need of help

Glucose Check
A Real-time Glucose Level Management System for Diabetic Patients

Ovulation & Menstral Cycle(A Multi-Billion Dollar App)
Monitor and Record your Ovulation and Fertility Cycle in Real-Time.

Blood Pressure Monitor
Distance Traveling Guide

Breast Cancer Drainage
A Real-time Breast Cancer Drainage Management System for Cancer Patients & their CareGivers

Smart Life Jacket
Smart life jacket, A life saver in distress

Name that Animal
Can you identify the sounds of animals? Do you know animals from all over the world? Learn a range of animal sounds.

Raydar
Raydar increases visibility over the entire supply chain through network association mapping.

Reader for Confluence
Tired of reading long texts in your company Wiki? Just use the new reading mode for Confluence!

ARK (Archery Record Keeper)
An efficient, digital way to score Archery tournaments.

Tweety Wallet
We have developed an application that helps you decide what to do with your cryptocurrency using facial recognition.

Happious
Happious: a 21-day immersion in the science of happiness and productivity--with a little help from your friends!

Fundação Cafu - Real Solidarity [ Axiom-Zen]
Our first goal on this challenge was to redesign the landing page for the donation campaign from Cafu Foundation.

Money Match
Tinder of borrowing and lending money. Look at the person, information and lend. Both way communication available too

Acc!dont
Stop accidents before they happen with Acc!dont

DashboardComponent
AverageExecutionTime (hours) Chart

TeXTFLIX
Watch Netflix in your terminal in glorious, animated, 256-color ASCII!

PointShop.Space - Point to shop and discover companies
Snap real products to find out more about its parent company from CrunchBase or buy it!

SympMD
Your daily mobile health symptoms checker.

Safety App
This project sends a message entered by the user during initial setup of app and sends the same when phone is shaken in danger.

looking at page 23 of 55
Mobievent
A universal indoor positioning platform that can be curated and customized to enhance your experience at school.

ReMap
ReMap is a dynamic, interactive map with the ability to distribute and express real-time subway information

BaymaxBuddies
Pairable teddy bears that let you hug someone from anywhere in the world.

Hospital Adventure
Reinvent a child's and parents' hospital experience by making the whole process transparent and fun!

FLYDOC
No fuss document share - Easiest way to send/receive documents on the go - So simple even a kid can use

Liveview
A standalone Youtube player which allows you to see comments depending on what time you are at in the video.

School Lunch UX
Providing a web application with a better user experience for the audience; that's easy and effective!

ac-unsubscribr
An easy and quick way to unsubscribe from annoying newsletters.

"Teach me Tables" - an Alexa Skill
"Teach me Tables" helps kids learn and memorize math tables in a new, interactive, visually appealing and fun way.

mARk
Leave your mark on the world.

Emocean
Recognize your emotions

BY - Data Transmission using Whatsapp
Out with biased Internet, in with Web in Whatsapp Web

Follow the White Rabbit a VR Mystery
A VR Mystery Adventure™ Where Magic is Real and Nothing is as it Appears.

Comala Approvals for Confluence Cloud
Reviews and Approvals for your Confluence Cloud documents

Intelligent Medicine Dispensary System
Remind the patient to take medicine

DreamForce
Future of Workforce Model Powered by BlockChain

Witness
Panic Button for the Smartphone Age

Meggie
A smart assistant for current / potential McGill student who lost all hopes!

Plugin generator from Atlassian Connect to JIRA Server
plugin, add-on, generator, jira server, jira cloud, atlassian connect

nusSync
Use nusmods to find breaks with friends instantly!

get[f]it
Studies show the social aspect of exercise compels us to do more than we would otherwise. Make your workout happen!

Project Oliver
gravitytank reinvented the F&RL form to bring confidence, guidance, and reassurance to families completing it.

Stop calling me pls
Get an annoying call? Transfer them to Stewie.

Airport Assist
A messenger chat bot to assist the traveller in the airport

looking at page 24 of 55
ProBot
A robot that takes online quizzes and learns the answers over time. It utilizes the java robot class on the front end to interact with the quiz website and and an Amazon RDS server on the backend.

Paper Piano
Music for everyone.

FireNode - Wardriving as a Service
A real time localization platform that provides high resolution population density maps of network infrastructures

Kind
Want to be happy? Be kind.

EmergencyChain
Decentralized first responder network and secure emergency medical data delivery system

Ronald McDonald Mobile Care Unit Mobile App
A better mobile experience for finding when and where a Ronald McDonald Mobile Care unit will be near you.

Axiom Zen - AxiomMind - Challenge 1, 2, and 3.
MasterMind implementation of Challenges One, Two and Three for Axiom Zen.

AskMeteor
Crowdsourcing answers to questions one. piece. at. a. time.

TripGo in Mexico City
Planning your ride through the city is a whole lot easier with TripGo!

NECO
Survivor finding system for people/animals.

No internet, but find me!
My idea is for searching survivors who can't connect to the internet during a disaster.

ECG + HTM
ECG Anomaly Detection System using HTM

Athelas
Blood imaging and analysis from your smartphone. Automated, cheap disease diagnostics + cell-counts within seconds.

Flight Monitoring System
A tool for automatic information extraction from different sources and showing its influence on all flights

Relations for JIRA
Introducing companies and contacts to JIRA

Cash Pay Today for Access Corrections
Send money to inmates to buy snacks, mp3's, make phone calls and more...

EdgePay
No Bank? That is why we are here!

iFitFarm
Making mordern farming easy, fun and affordable for everyone

Rally
Rally: Easy events, none of the hassle.

Project Air
VR Air Traffic Control Simulator

Aux
Let everyone have a chance on the Aux cord.

CS - Smart Water Bottle + App
Ever been tired, thirsty and found it hard to pee? Here is a solution that is easy. The Smart Water Bottle.

Airena
A game where you write & edit AI code on the fly to fight in the arena!

Distance Calculator
A Distance Travels Guide

looking at page 25 of 55
Test Management for JIRA Cloud
Bringing Adaptavist Test Management to JIRA Cloud

Procedural Music Generator
Autonomously generates music based on user-data, statistics, music theory and randomness.

Lexus
Chatbot that will make your life at home easy

ContactNow for Jira Service Desk (Beta)
Make and receive calls without leaving a ticket with a seamless contact center integration for Jira Service Desk.

Profiler
Gas cost profiling for Solidity Smart Contracts

OpenDoor
Breaking cultural barriers preventing women from learning English through social cooking demos and image technology.

Android for All
Run Android on your iPhone, instantly.

Work Safety Management (WSM)
...safety monitoring just got efficient

Chitthi
A personal RA for your freshman year in college who has solution to all your problems.

AirBnBro
The bro that will help you find your next AirBnB!

Smart Fridge
A Smart Fridge that uses Computer Vision to log in food, keeps user updated by SMS, and provide recommendations.

Closed Captions Extension for Twitch Streams
Accessibility for viewers, closed captions for viewers with difficulty or impossibility of hearing.

WannaDrink
Look for people to drink with near you

Altcoin Fantasy
Fantasy sports meets crypto trading! Learn about crypto risk-free by competing in fun fantasy crypto trading competitions. Challenge others to trading duels using KIN and win their KIN tokens.

Neural Style in TensorFlow
Render photos in the style of any artist! An implementation of "A Neural Algorithm of Artistic Style" in TensorFlow.

DDAI
Interest delegating DAI with smart DeFi Recipes

PETMON
A Smart Dog Collar that tracks your pet's location, health and activities

Amplify
A sound system in your pocket

slackit
slackin in meteor (A little server that enables public access to a Slack server)

SNS Payments
Swipelessly tap and pay at any credit card terminal - no NFC required! #flux #electromagnets #shouldhavetakenphysics

Hackathon Table Numbers
Assign and distribute hackathon table numbers for your expo

Tana Pura
A kinetic light sculpture

Castle VRuin
Photogrammetry based VR Sightseeing Experience.

Crashland Reborn
You have Crash-landed on a hostile alien planet. Can you survive until rescue arrives?

looking at page 26 of 55
Pipe Crawler
Robot that follows pipes in search of leaks.

Smarter Bike Light
A reverse engineering bike light that can be controlled with a microcontroller

AWS Cost Manager
Manage AWS costs by tracking CloudWatch metrics in Jira Cloud

Tobii Ghost - Eye Tracking Twitch Extension
An extension that allow viewers to see where the streamer is looking at the screen.

PocketDoc
Pocketdoc is a mobile app which uses machine learning to advise cures to people with common recognizable symptoms

Butlr
Butlr helps simply manage day to day tasks.

Kitty Crates
Booster Packs for ERC721 tokens: buy, sell, and trade sets of non-fungible tokens

Messenger LaTeX
Chrome extension to render LaTeX in Facebook Messenger with a live preview using the MathJax Javascript library.

Biometric 2-Factor Security - "BioAuth" (MongoDB)
String passwords suck. Biometrics are safer and faster. Dead simple Authentication.

Eva- Optimizing Evaporation Prevention Strategies
Eva is an autonomous floating IoT hydrometeorology lab, she maps evaporation rates of rivers and canals worldwide.

PocDoc
It puts healthcare in your hands.

Stream Closed Captioner
Easily increase the accessibility of your stream by adding Closed Captioning for your viewers

The Homework Machine


Word to Markdown
Convert Word documents to Markdown format on the fly

BizDev Meeting
A cooperative team-building game that promotes synergy between parties of 2 to 10 players in the same room.

SMS Racing
A game about the thrill of texting and driving.

Taz
Your notification storm is over

A11_D-SIGN
D-SiGN is a Weareable ASL to speech.

VR Coaster
Experience a stunning Mobile VR roller coaster ride!

sudo
A content summariser , video searching and phone broadcast tool along with cross platform chat and video calling.

CoTaxiApp
CoTaxiApp enable people in Rabat and Casablanca who are traveling in the same direction to share a taxi easily

037a - Order Management System
Prepares restaurants for the new era by replacing waiters with a intelligent service to manage everything

The @UPenn Xperience
Explore the Campus and Beyond!

Splash
Messaging protocol over a bluetooth mesh network.

looking at page 27 of 55
PhaseShift
A mind-bending cinematic platformer with dimension-altering puzzle mechanics and innovative VR gameplay

VIRTUAL HANDS: VirtPaint
VIRTUAL HANDS: VirtPaint will give you the opportunity to draw without hands. You only need head movements.

DeskShare
Share and upvote screenshots of yours and others' desktop environments

rezyourtown
Changing the way you reserve sports fields and community rooms in your city

DV - Ideate with the Brail
Why can't the visually disabled have fun too?

Propagate
procedural, persistant, interactive shared state virtual coral reef, in your browser

GramConnect
Making internet available to people with no internet connection.

Real Estate
A conversational search for real estate listings in your area

Angels of Khan
Proofreading by voice - Expanding the circle of users contributing to Khan Academy content validation

XCalibur
the microSD in the stone.

Cotraveler
Catch the cheapest flight fare with instant alerts in messenger

Ant Text to Outlook
A new way of writing emails and a productivity tool to save time when sending identical emails and files.

Image Annotator for JIRA
Annotate image attachments and screenshots directly in your JIRA issue.

autocolorization
We colorized Jean-Luc Godard's Breathless (1960) using deep learning

Evade - Android/iOS Game
Test your endurance in this new fast paced infinite runner - an addictively satisfying game

Agile Estimate for JIRA
Visualize, speed up and improve your sprint estimates

Complaint Board - Incident Management
Using the power of the Appian platform, enables the management of any type of complaint or service request made by employees in an organization.

Chat Heroes
Chat Heroes brings chat to life with animated characters as well as helps increase streamer support using bits.

Trackin
Get paid to play your favorite games

NeWsquito
NeWsquito: cultural accommodation and re-branding of the University of Newcastle Callaghan campus mosquito population.

InCELL VR
education, expirience, game, bilogy, cell, nival, inmind

Fork On The Road
Try "Alexa, ask Fork On The Road" and the fork will help you make a decision.  Alexa Skill that uses dynamic 3D.

Auxilium
Registered Micro-financing for Low Income Populations

Harvest
Understand every acre in minutes using aerial infrared photography.

looking at page 28 of 55
Likemind
Connect with like minded people nearby

Daydream Blue
A game about you, a pet robot, and a campsite by the lake.

BulldozAIR - FLIR
Collaborative mobile app for construction professionals, home inspectors, maintenance companies, real estate owners

HosAppointmentSys
Hospital Appointment System

097 - Wellness
A wellness suite that assesses patients with anxiety disorders and transmits data to therapists

Suju - suju.online
On demand self-driving buses using multi-parameter route optimizing aimed to help event and public transportation.

De Mobo Classroom
one click solution to present, record, transcribe and share presentations and lessons.

Ice Breaker
Your face is your visit card!

XL Clipboard
XL Clipboard is the easiest way to share your event spreadsheets (i.e. guest lists, members, etc).

Zero Click Bitcoin Micropayments
Easiest way to send and receive micro payments on the web

Wendy
A comfortable VR adventure where you have fun exploring and interacting with a magical setting

Colosse: A Story in Virtual Reality
Colosse: A story of colossal proportions: adventures in immersive and innovative Virtual Storytelling

GHost
Revolutionising the game industry by introducing a cross-platform multiplayer experience.

Zing
Save time in style

Type Diagram
Diagraming in seconds in MS office

UniConcierge
Private Wealth, real-time, in your pocket

Fortum Green Journey
A mobile 'green' assistant to help customer develop awareness and confidence on energy consumption using gamification

Benefitsy
A simple way to learn about the health benefits of fruits, vegetables, and herbs.

Gradebook
Gradebook is a scalable, cross-platform information learning system analytics platform for high school students.

SCTS - Supply Chain Tracking System
Supply Chain Tracking System in the Ethereum Blockchain

Relay
All your accounts, just a touch away.

HomeBase_WeatherAlert
Daily alerts on your hardware

ElderVision
ElderVision is a system that will alert your family if your elder falls.

ReMUMber
Do you forget to text your Mum while you're travelling? Automatically send texts based on your location!

looking at page 29 of 55
ethberlin-hackfury
The Hackfury DAO is Decentralized Audit Organization for worldwide audits management build with DAOStack.

Safe Travels
Safe Travels equips you with the best tools to analyze crime in Philadelphia

MedReality
Providing an immersive self-learning experience of human and animal anatomy using VR

PreGear
Presentation Assistant for Gear2 and GearS

WeLearn
WeLearn it's a VR  E-Learning platform  that gives you an immersive learning experience on the 360° view you can have the Teatcher and the Presentation on 1 view

Fyber Exchange
Decentralised marketplace for buying, selling and lending goods powered by Kyber and Compound

LearningLock
Android lockscreen equipped with neural network which learns your tendencies to protect your phone from intruders.

PureWater 16
"Water from air to fight California's drought"

Enviro
Report environmental issues , hold events and chat with fellow users in your vicinity

DonIT
Empowering Welfare

LitMit
LED pressure-sensing gloves enhance the fan experience and improve the atmosphere,making everyone able to Lit the Day

MIDIOCRE
Unique computer generated music, free for everyone.

024 - JoinLah
Host or Join local activities around you in real time, and discover new activities!

co|wear
Co|wear is collaborative fashion - a win-win for everyone from customers to the companies involved.

Dylan Home Automation
Dylan is an home automation system operated with voice command from your mobile phone to control your entire house.

EXIT
We enable users to take the right exit in their Subway/MRT/MTR/TUBE stations to get to their destinations faster

Instant Websites for Confluence
Collaborate on Confluence then publish to super fast Amazon AWS for public access and pretty URLs

HTM for Adelaide Arterial Traffic Flow
Using HTM algorithms from NuPIC to perform automated incident detection Adelaide arterial traffic flows

Visage
Your face as a password!

Tiger Event
A one step solution for events management.

Entrilo
Website for organizing cheap business trips.

VacciDENT
Your family wants you to be safe, so do we!

Wae FindAR
Using revolutionary AR technology and with the help of Knuckles, never get lost again!

Office Floor Plan Navigator
Find and Display Office 365 profiles on an interactive floor plan map.

looking at page 30 of 55
nQuery: Q/A for JIRA
Ask any question about your JIRA issues. Quickest way to generate reports,gantt charts,graphs.

Picast
A photo sharing website that uses whenhub to organize albums. A platform to preserve and share your photos and albums

Dot Menu for Confluence
Access administrative pages in Confluence from anywhere by typing '.' and the action name

Wayflow
All of your answers in one place

Email2SharePoint
Enhance productivity with iGlobe E2S – e-mail2SharePoint Add-In for Outlook

Zut
One heck of a shot

AI Sensei
Language learning using artificial intelligence

commUnity
An android app facilitating projects for the community, by the community.

Excel_Summary_Snapshot_in_mail
Time is money, robots will not add to your work

Unofficial Devpost API
The unofficial part means I probably won't fix it when it breaks.

WhatsBot
The first AI personal assistant for your whatsapp

KidsChallengeHackathon - Historia
Amazon Alexa Skills challenge: Kids

Wheel O Hackathons
Spin the wheel to find great online hackathons!

Summer Jam landing page
an excellent landing page for an excellent series of hackathons

BackPack
SAVE MORE ENJOY MORE

Pulsar Arena
Pulsar Arena is a rhythm based tournament in space.

WiSign
WiSign is an ios app designed for people to learn fingerspelling in American Sign Language. We want to provide people with chances for communicating and understanding Deaf community with its culture.

melon
Can't pick the ripest watermelon without splitting it open? Fear not! "melon" uses a neural network to predict the quality of watermelons through data collected by sound sensor and impulse deliverer.

compass
Explore the world through your friends in Augmented Reality and let your social be your guide

Trashy but Smart
Automated trash and recycling separator

HereNow
Send out text notifications when you arrive at your destination.

Meteor Pulse
Meteor Pulse - Heart Rate Tracker

SMSiri
Making "dumb phones" smarter through natural language question answering.

FluxDuck
Where to work? FluxDuck analyzes company reputations in the news media to help find an employer worth working for.

looking at page 31 of 55
Cobalt Haze
CobaltHaze Anti-gravityFightingVehicle, combat VR game

Printing Your Name Like A Pro!
Cognitive based Android app that teaches children (K-7), with low-incidence diagnoses, how to print their name

QuickTry
A chrome plugin for editing and running stack overflow code snippets in the browser

SmartCab
An all-in-one app for Moroccan taxis.

Devpost Notification Center
It's about time Devpost gets its own little red number

smartNebula
Une application qui calcule l'empreinte de carbone de votre véhicule.

Star Song
A collaborative music editing tool inspired by "Garage Band" and build with MeteorJS

CloviMed
CloviMed boosts diabetic patients' self-efficacy in managing diabetes, preventing complications and containing costs.

ATAD
Air traffic anomaly detector

EX - Stappie Bird
A Play Therapy for ADHD Kids to control their body and mind concentration: FlappyBird Edition

Cafecito
When learning programming languages, language should not be a barrier.

Sobr
A keyless solution to prevent drunk driving

Easy Retail Pay
Making transactions tranquil

AI Barney
Artificial Intelligence that helps people to get know each other with adaptive tips during conversation

Workflows Searcher for JIRA
Identify at a glance were add-ons are adding workflow conditions, validators and post functions

PROS - Process Reconfiguration Optimization Simulator
PROS is a 3D virtural WiP reconfiguration and optimization simulator integrated with Efficiency Analyzer information.

SprachBox
Skill to access the voice mail system of Deutsche Telekom (Germany landline).

Kinetica
Kinetica is an IoT device that creates a cost effective channel of communication for motor neurone disease patients.

Found in Translation
Automate dubbing of Khan Academy videos

Hold my drink
Why pour your own drinks when you can have a robot do it for you?

GitBattle
Close GitHub issues and win prizes

F-016-Hajjy Geo-Location Augmented Reality Application
U'll Never Get Lost.

Better at git
Git knows better – @midu

Peasy
Payment in a blink

looking at page 32 of 55
DiveLane - Apple Pay for Ethereum
Transaction signer: the secure place to store the private key that can sign transactions from any dApps (phone & web)

Mentorik
Everybody needs access to a mentor, but normally is difficult to find one. Until now... Mentorik will match & connect people to be able to learn and teach based on the knowledge they are interested on

VOICE
Voice Operated Interactive Command Emulator: An easy-to-use voice command system

Taxis Maroc
You need a cab !! find it instantly

We All Deserve Resources (W.A.D.R.)
W.A.D.R. was developed to provide disadvantaged communities consistent access to essential resources.

CrapMaps
A solution to all your public relief needs. Find nearby bathrooms and view ratings and reviews!

Chart.neo
Create custom exportable charts right inside neo4j Desktop

Liberdata
Disrupting the personal data market by making your data earn money for you.

Hackathon Submission Flow
A better way to submit your hackathon projects on Devpost

Signbot
The robot that translates your voice to physical sign language.

hackarduino
Simple home automation project which allows control over physical hardware devices. Light and Powerful. For age: 15+

Pixel Kanvas
Pixel Kanvas empowers creativity, exploration and collaboration with a simple grid

NYSEVisualizer
A VR representation of the New York Stock Exchange.

Black Mamba Rescue Beacon
The simplest rescue beacon for the iPhone

GameOpener
Interactive Gaming

SaveWatts
SaveWatts Lets You Make Energy-Smart Decisions When Buying Appliances; Light on the Pocket,  Light on the Socket.

ECONDITIONER
We want to save water in California and built a smart air conditioning system that produces water.

Stranded in the Expanse
Stranded in the Expanse is a sci-fi game that encourages fitness. You earn energy credits in the game by exercising!

I ♥ Devpost
10 reasons why Devpost is awesome. Number 5 made me cry.

visionOS
An innovational publishing platform for interactive ads and apps

026 - Table For 4
An application to meet new people through a simple meal

SDAAS - Self-Driving As A Service
Bringing the power of self-driving cars to the cloud.

nextub
Nextub is the context-aware mobile application that helps you uncover local cafes, bars,pubs and rewards your loyalty

Kenko
Snap a photo of any food and receive health insights

looking at page 33 of 55
SpitBars
Rap Battle Analysis Software

Travel Buddy
don't be a tourist, be local

Capture The Pothole
Search the city for potholes, collect them on your map!

Neuralgia VR
Co-op cyberpunk game, the Operator guides the Runner in the simulated mind of a host to get the data and get out.

QuickSeek
Easily find what you are looking for in YouTube videos.

Ambrosia
A web-based food market

Speech Center
Public speaking virtual trainer

Viate
VR simulation to help alleviate panic attacks

UCyber Hotspot Sniper
Locating a remote access point on the campus green

BW - Optical Localisation Plus Robotics
Cheap and Simple Indoor Localisation for Collaborative Robotics

Rollout! Instant Trash Schedule Recycling Reminder App
Never miss a trash day!

Picturize - Auto Note Taker
Cliffnotes for Anything

Alexa-powered Beer Robot.
Use Alexa to get a beer from the robot. The bartender sees the command from Alexa and loads the robot.

CardLink
Easily group and identify relationships to optimise your planning process.

Formula Editor
Integrate editor capabilities to Excel. Write your formulas in a fully-fledged code editor instead of a single line!

SolarHero
Solar community for heroes

Numbers And Letters Game iOS
The numbers and letters puzzles game

Elements
An Amazon Alexa skill to learn all about Elements, like mass and symbols. Extremely helpful for high school students.

Draw Anything
Using Fourier Series to automatically generate step-by-step drawing guides

RunnerBeat
Let's run together

Node Clowning Around
Helping monitor the growing clown epidemic by tracking sightings in GM vehicles

Medifact
Analyzing and Viewing Untoward Occurrences of Combined Drugs

WoundCare
WoundCare is an app that allows for patients to monitor whether or not they have an infectious wound in the comfort of their own home.

faceStylr
Polyvore meets Augmented Reality for styling your face. Make meaningful product connections with your customers!

looking at page 34 of 55
